Design Lead - Adrian Gonzalez
Coordinate team efforts for describing the scope, requirements and assumptions. Coordinate 
team efforts for the creation of the Entity-Relationship diagram and its revisions throughout 
the course.Integrate the work of the team into the Assignment 1 document and coordinate the
presentation.Keep track of team journal before the submission of Assignment 1.Create the
activities report for Assignment 1. 

Implementation Lead - Andres Olivas
Coordinate team efforts for the creation of the relational model, normalization process, 
creation of database tables and queries using MySQL.Coordinate team efforts for the creation
of views, triggers, stored procedures, and functions.Coordinate with the design lead to 
guarantee the database implementation is consistent with the database design and its revisions
.Integrate the work of the team into the Assignment 2 document.Keep track of team journal before 
the submission of Assignment 2.Create the activities report for Assignment 2. 

Interface Lead - Joseph Gutierrez
Coordinate team efforts for the creation of the Graphical User Interface (GUI) to connect to the 
database as well as the final presentation.Coordinate with the design lead and implementation lead 
to guarantee the  GUI is consistent with the database design, implementation and their revisions.
Integrate the work of the team into the Assignment 3 document.Keep track of team journal before the 
submission of Assignment 3.Create the activities report for Assignment 3. 

Reports Lead - Stephanie Loya
Coordinate team efforts for the creation of the reports needed for the DB system. Coordinate with the 
design lead, implementation lead, and GUI lead to guarantee the reports are consistent with the requirements, 
the database design, implementation and their revisions. Integrate the work of the team into the final 
document. Keep track of team journal before the submission of the final document and presentation. 
Create the activities report for the final document.
